# sesame-llms-ground-truth-code

## Information
This repository contains the code for generating participants' responses to one psychological scale given their responses to another psychological scale for StudentLife[1] and DepreST-CAT Dataset[2]. It also contains modifications to the DepreST-CAT original model training code to replace real scores with GPT-4 simulated scores.
The repository has the following folders:
- StudentLife: This Contains 48 students survey responses and passive data from StudentLife Dataset
- notebooks
    - data-visualization.ipynb: This contains code to visualize responses simulated by GPT-4 when compared to original responses for the StudentLife and DepreST-CAT dataset.
    - DepreST-CAT-sesame-simulation.ipynb: This contains code to use GPT models to simulate participants' responses on GAD-7 and PHQ-9 scales in the DepreST-CAT dataset.
    - StudentLife-sesame-simulation.ipynb: This contains code to use GPT models to simulate participants' responses on PHQ-9, PSS, Loneliness, and Flourishing scales.
    - ml-training-visualizations.ipynb: This contains visualization to examine the performance of models in DepreST-CAT study when trained using GPT-4 simulated scores.
    
    
- DepreST-CAT-main: This contains the original code and data from DepreST-CAT Study. We modified MachineLearning.ipynb to train models with GPT-simulated PHQ-9 and GAD-7 scores 
- outputs: This contains all pickled files for simulated responses on psychological scales generated by GPT-4

## References
[1] Wang, Rui, Fanglin Chen, Zhenyu Chen, Tianxing Li, Gabriella Harari, Stefanie Tignor, Xia Zhou, Dror Ben-Zeev, and Andrew T. Campbell. "StudentLife: Assessing Mental Health, Academic Performance and Behavioral Trends of College Students using Smartphones." In Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Ubiquitous Computing. 2014.

[2] Tlachac, M. L., et al. "DepreST-CAT: Retrospective smartphone call and text logs collected during the covid-19 pandemic to screen for mental illnesses." Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies 6.2 (2022): 1-32.
